+++
title = "Exploring Perceptions of Disciplines Using Arts-informed Methods"

# Date first published.
date = "2020-06-22"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Matthew James", "Humero Murzi", "Jason Forsyth", "Lilianny Virguez", "Pamela L. Dickrell"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Proceedings of the American Society of Engineering Education Annual Conference – First Year Programs Division"
publication_short = "ASEE 2020"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = """This complete evidence-based practice paper describes preliminary results on a methodology used in a general first-year engineering program to explore students’ perceptions of engineering through the use of drawings. Data were analyzed using an arts-based open-coding approach. Initial results provide a representation of students preconceptions about the discipline in terms of human, technical, process-based, and holistic/global aspects, which provides further evidence that arts-based methods are effective in capturing student perceptions of the engineering discipline."""
abstract_short = "A short version of the abstract."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "pdf/exploring-perceptions-of-disciplines-using-arts-informed-methods.pdf"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
#[header]
#image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
#caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
