+++
title = "An Ecosystem to Support Sense-Making, Identity Formation, and Belonging for First-Year Engineering Students"

# Date first published.
date = "2021-08-10"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Kurt Patterson", "Justin Henriques", "Daniel Castaneda", "Robert Nagel", "Kyle Gipson", "Shraddha Joshi", "Callie Miller", "Jacquelyn Nagel", "Jason Forsyth"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "First Year Engineering Experience (FYEE) Conference"

publication_short = "FYEE 2021"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = """While purposefully engaging first-year engineering students has become a common approach to
help them succeed through challenging transitions, no single intervention is likely to prove
meaningful for all. Providing a variety of both optional and required learning experiences can
create an ecosystem of support by connecting students to their peers, near-peers, academic
advisors, and engineering faculty. Ultimately, a nurturing ecosystem might shift student success
by cultivating an understanding of engineering expectations and opportunities (i.e., sensemaking),
gaining an emerging awareness of professional self and program culture (i.e., identity
formation), and fostering connections to their engineering institution (i.e., belonging). Another
reason to invest in these efforts is to demonstrate a commitment to student well-being, in other
words that the program “walks the talk” as a place concerned with undergraduate professional
development through a supportive community. Such efforts may also benefit student decisionmaking
before, during, and after college.


This paper describes the goals, structures, resources, and outcomes of the first-year engineering
ecosystem that aims to provide reinforcing support at James Madison University (JMU). While
this ecosystem includes one engineering course in both the Fall semester and Spring semesters,
this article focuses on four key co-curricular offerings for Madison Engineering (MADE)."""

abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "/pdf/fyee-2021.pdf"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
#[header]
#image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
#caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
